Core Content Expansion inc. new alien faction: the Xapleaux (#6439)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/xapleaux/xapleaux weapons.txt

# Copyright (c) 2021 by MasterOfGrey
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A

> # PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

# Copyright (c) 2021 by MasterOfGrey
#
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

outfit "Small Trajectile Assembler"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 2000000
	thumbnail "outfit/sidewinder storage"
	"mass" 12
	"outfit space" 24
	"assembly line" 1

> 	description "The Small Trajectile Assembler has 1 assembly line space for a trajectile template to be loaded. A trajectile, which is much like a missile, is produced on demand by this machine from fuel with components and base resources contained in the template plug-in."

Author: So a missile is self-propelled or directed by remote control, and can change path.
A rocket is unguided, its trajectory is fixed once it is launched, controlled only by its launch conditions and total propellant.

These definitions matter for *us* because we pre-construct all our missiles or rockets, anything that uses them uses either one or the other.

A trajectile is simply something capable of trajection (following a trajectory) - i.e. a projectile, a missile, or a rocket. They are all types of trajectiles.

Since the specific type of thing is assembled here, not in advance, it's not any single one of them. It's capable of manufacturing any of them, and so it is generically a Trajectile Assembler.

outfit "Medium Trajectile Assembler"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 2000000
	thumbnail "outfit/sidewinder storage"
	"mass" 22
	"outfit space" 44
	"assembly line" 2
	description "The Small Trajectile Assembler has 2 assembly lines of space for trajectile templates to be loaded. A trajectile, which is much like a missile, is produced on demand by this machine from fuel with components and base resources contained in the template plug-in."

outfit "Large Trajectile Assembler"
	category "Ammunition"
	cost 2000000
	thumbnail "outfit/sidewinder storage"
	"mass" 40
	"outfit space" 80
	"assembly line" 4

> 	description "The Small Trajectile Assembler has 4 assembly lines of space for trajectile templates to be loaded. A trajectile, which is much like a missile, is produced on demand by this machine from fuel with components and base resources contained in the template plug-in."

Author: They're supposed to be very straightforward.

	thumbnail "outfit/terpenoid launcher"
	"mass" 8
	"outfit space" -12
	"weapon capacity" -12
	"gun ports" -1
	"terpenoid assembly" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/terpenoid"
			"frame rate" 4
		sound "terpenoid"
		ammo "Terpenoid Trajectile Template" 0
		icon "icon/terpenoid"
		"fire effect" "tracker fire"
		"hit effect" "emp spark" 20
		"hit effect" "tracker impact"
		"hit effect" "tracker cloud"
		"hit effect" "seeker impact"
		"die effect" "medium explosion"
		"inaccuracy" 2
		"velocity" 24
		"lifetime" 600
		"reload" 30
		"firing energy" 5
		"firing heat" 15
		"firing fuel" 5
		"acceleration" 1.2
		"drag" .1
		"turn" 4
		"homing" 5
		"tracking" .98
		"disruption damage" 55
		"shield damage" 80
		"hull damage" 220
		"hit force" 5
		"missile strength" 18
	description "The Terpenoid Trajectile was developed after brief exposure to the Korath Disruptor before the Korath stopped bothering to raid Xapleaux space. The secrets of how the disruptor worked were never understood, but under the right circumstances fuel mixed with certain volatiles can be stimulated to produce a similar effect. Once assembled and fired the concoction will naturally decay explosively after a period of time."

> 	description "	Although not a powerful missile, it is very fast and very hard to dodge, and capable of rendering the shields of an enemy vessel thoroughly obsolete under repeated bombardment. The explosive cocktail it carries is not particularly damaging to shields, despite its disruptive effect, but is quite destructive against most hull materials."

Reviewer: I think the shield part is a bit confusing.

Author: It does disruption damage, in chunky packets.

	category "Ammunition"
	cost 379000
	thumbnail "outfit/terpenoidtemp"
	"mass" 12
	"assembly line" -1
	"quininoid assembly" 1
	description "The Quininoid Template is the plug-in assembly apparatus for a Xapleaux Trajectile Assembler to support the Quininoid Launcher. It allows an assembler to build the Quininoid Trajectile and contains enough parts to have functionally unlimited availability for the duration of any likely conflict. It is easily restocked with base materials at any port."

outfit "Quininoid Trajectile Launcher"
	category "Secondary Weapons"
	cost 73000
	thumbnail "outfit/quininoid launcher"
	"mass" 6
	"outfit space" -10
	"weapon capacity" -10
	"gun ports" -1
	"quininoid assembly" -1
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/quininoid"
		sound "quininoid"
		ammo "Quininoid Trajectile Template" 0
		"phasing"
		"stream"
		icon "icon/quininoid"
		"fire effect" "minelayer fire"
		"hit effect" "large explosion"
		"velocity" 2
		"lifetime" 30
		"reload" 20
		"firing energy" 2
		"firing heat" 10
		"acceleration" 0.2
		"turn" 8
		"radar tracking" 1
		"optical tracking" .9
		"velocity override" 20
		"homing" 5
		"missile strength" 60
		"submunition" "Quininoid Active"

> 	description "Functionally the oldest weapon in the Xapleaux arsenal, this three stage weapon launches a Quininoid package - a missile casing with five warheads inside. In its first phase it is slow but incredibly mobile, able to safely position and orient on its target. In its second phase it engages the primary burner and loses most ability to home in on a target as it accelerates with enormous speed before bursting apart in its third phase to release the five carried warheads in a purely ballistic scattering effect."

Author: ```suggestion
	description "Functionally the oldest weapon in the Xapleaux arsenal, this three stage weapon launches a Quininoid package - a missile casing with five warheads inside. In its first phase it is slow but incredibly mobile, able to safely position and orient on its target. In its second phase it engages the primary burner and loses most ability to home in on a target as it accelerates with enormous speed before bursting apart in its third phase where it releases five warheads in a purely ballistic scattering effect."
```

outfit "Repulsor Split"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/repulsor split"
			"frame rate" 3
			"no repeat"
			#"scale" 0.8
		"lifetime" 34
		"hit force" 10
		"inaccuracy" 15
		"split range" 1
		"submunition" "Repulsor Fade" 10
		
outfit "Repulsor Fade"
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/repulsor fade"
			"frame rate" 2
			"no repeat"
			"scale" 0.8
		"lifetime" 40
		"hit force" 10
		"inaccuracy" 10

outfit "Xapleaux Anti-Missile"
	category "Turrets"
	cost 845000
	thumbnail "outfit/warder"
	"mass" 28
	"outfit space" -28
	"weapon capacity" -28
	"energy capacity" 50
	"turret mounts" -1
	weapon
		"hardpoint sprite" "hardpoint/warder"
		"hardpoint offset" 3.
		"hit effect" "xapleaux am"
		"anti-missile" 10
		"velocity" 400
		"lifetime" 1
		"reload" 8
		"firing energy" 24
		"firing heat" 10

> 	description "This anti-missile system helps defend Xapleaux warships from long-range attacks."

Reviewer: I assume this is just a placeholder, and wil get more details later.

Author: Nope that's all it is... at least until `plot` happens.
